hello cyclists friends had posted
for this list culminating
so today we will learn how to
change his bike chain all that is
that he died four cases strictly
or that we are a fortiori lengthened a
chain but also so to be able
do that you have to be able to hunt
pins that handed each jersey so
it must be pinned here is so there is
many
string size I know if you
get to see here is suitable for
certain types of channels it depends on
the dike of the waist makes it the
distance between each link all one
lot to be able to demonstrate its chain on
just place our tool here with a
pinch faces pin hunt on
block the oak and then we start
turn last hunt and there you
loot
here is hop it's done
here
facts
shit
of course the pin fell into
the grass to try to find her
[Laughs]
so we have to dismantle his chain
of where we changed it we have to close it
so the idea is to prepare this little
group i by first inserting one of
best
story of not being bothered is this
that otherwise it moves a lot
from there we just chase outdoors
even anne inside and up
the tool so you can
ray chasing the pin in the
gag
the place
without going too far then how
to navigate
and here we have changed our channel
not very complicated just a little bit of
fingering having candy at mount for
those who will go through ct